Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to add items in list.
Let's start by the first section Append Items.
To add an item to the end of the list, use the append method.
Here we have a list which contains three items.
This list append orange.
Orange will be added at the end of the list.
Second, insert items to insert a list item at a specific index, use the insert method.
Here we have our list which contains three items.
We insert orange at the index one.
The new list will contain apple orange, which is inserted at the index one banana and cherry.
The list will now contain four items Apple, orange, banana, and cherry.
Section three extend list to append elements from another list to the current list, use the extend
method.
Here we define two Python lists and we will extend the first list which have the name this list with
the second list tropical.
The code is.
This list extend tropical.
The result will be apple, banana, cherry and after that the items of the second list.
The length of the new list will be six.
Section four add an iterable, always with the method extend.
Here in the third section, we use extend with two lists, but it can be used also for any iterable
object like tuples, sets, or dictionaries.
Here we will add a tuple to our initial list.
The result will be apple, banana, cherry, kiwi and orange.
A new list with five items.
Let's go to PyCharm and do some This is.
First append items we use the method append.
Let's execute the code and see the result.
The new list contain four items and orange is added at the end of the list.
Second insert items.
We use the method insert, referring to the index number to add a new item to the list.
Here we add orange at the index one.
The new list will contain apple, orange, banana, and cherry.
The length of the list will be four.
Let's execute the code.
The result is Apple orange, which is inserted at the index one after that, banana and
Third extend list.
We will extend our initial list by adding items from another list.
Here the result it will be all items for the initial list and after that the items of the second list.
Let's execute the code and see the result.
The list now contain six items, three items for the initial list and after that the items of the second
list.
Mango and the other items always with the extend method.
Here in the third section we use extend with two lists, but extend it can be used for any iterable.
It can be sets.
It can be tuple or others.
Here in this example we will extend our initial list by a tuple.
The result?
It will be apple, banana, cherry and at the end the new two items Kiwi and orange.
Let's execute the code and see the result.
We have a new list which contain five items, three from the initial list and the last two items from
the tuple.
Let's do a small recap.
We have three methods to add item in list.
Two of them always.
We add items at the end of the list via the method append and the method extend.
Extend.
It can be used for lists or any iterable like tuples dictionaries.
The third method insert items.
We insert item refer to the index number and that's it for this video.